c:\users\winter\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AngularDemoProject\AngularDemoProject\obj\Debug\AngularDemoProject.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\winter\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AngularDemoProject\AngularDemoProject\bin\AngularDemoProject.dll
c:\users\winter\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AngularDemoProject\AngularDemoProject\bin\AngularDemoProject.pdb
c:\users\winter\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AngularDemoProject\AngularDemoProject\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\winter\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AngularDemoProject\AngularDemoProject\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\winter\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AngularDemoProject\AngularDemoProject\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Cors.dll
c:\users\winter\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AngularDemoProject\AngularDemoProject\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\winter\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AngularDemoProject\AngularDemoProject\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\winter\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AngularDemoProject\AngularDemoProject\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\winter\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AngularDemoProject\AngularDemoProject\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\winter\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AngularDemoProject\AngularDemoProject\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\winter\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AngularDemoProject\AngularDemoProject\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\winter\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AngularDemoProject\AngularDemoProject\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\winter\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AngularDemoProject\AngularDemoProject\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\winter\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AngularDemoProject\AngularDemoProject\bin\System.Web.Cors.dll
c:\users\winter\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AngularDemoProject\AngularDemoProject\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\winter\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AngularDemoProject\AngularDemoProject\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
c:\users\winter\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AngularDemoProject\AngularDemoProject\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\winter\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AngularDemoProject\AngularDemoProject\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\winter\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AngularDemoProject\AngularDemoProject\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\winter\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AngularDemoProject\AngularDemoProject\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\winter\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AngularDemoProject\AngularDemoProject\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Cors.xml
c:\users\winter\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AngularDemoProject\AngularDemoProject\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\winter\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AngularDemoProject\AngularDemoProject\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\winter\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AngularDemoProject\AngularDemoProject\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\winter\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AngularDemoProject\AngularDemoProject\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\winter\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AngularDemoProject\AngularDemoProject\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\winter\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AngularDemoProject\AngularDemoProject\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\winter\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AngularDemoProject\AngularDemoProject\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
c:\users\winter\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AngularDemoProject\AngularDemoProject\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\winter\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AngularDemoProject\AngularDemoProject\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\winter\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AngularDemoProject\AngularDemoProject\obj\Debug\AngularDemoProject.dll
c:\users\winter\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AngularDemoProject\AngularDemoProject\obj\Debug\AngularDemoProject.pdb
